README.md, before:

# DoorBreach

## Overview

DoorBreach is a mod for Lethal Company that allows players to hit a locked door many times with a shovel to open it.
This mod aims to solve those pesky situations in which you enter encounter a locked door but can not find a darn key anywhere.
By default, a door will take 10 to 20 hits before unlocking and opening (configurable).

Does not add any new items/models/sounds/etc. Simply changes how doors behave when collided by a shovel swing.

## Compatibility

- Compatible with version v45 of the game.
- Not tested with version v47 of the game.

## Installation

### Using r2modmanplus or Thunderstore Client

1. Install the DoorBreach mod.

### Using the Manual Download Method

1. Download the DoorBreach mod.
2. Extract the zip into your BepInEx directory.

## Dependencies

Please make sure you have the following dependencies installed (if using the manual download method):

- BepInExPack (version 5.4.2100 or higher)

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions, please visit our GitHub issues page to report them.
Or you can join the [Lethal Company Modding Discord](https://discord.gg/lcmod) and leave a message on the [mod-release post](https://discord.com/channels/1168655651455639582/1191561415660670976)

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request. I will review your changes and merge them if they are satisfactory.

## License

This mod is released under the CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 License. See LICENSE.md file for details.

## Attribution

As long as you credit my name or link to my github project, that's okay.

Commit message:

Update to `v1.1.0` Improved compatibility with other door/key mods Improved `postbuild.sh`, `README.md` Cleaned up `Plugin.cs`, `.csproj` Updated `NuGet.Config` Added `Components.cs`, `Hooks.cs`, `Utils.cs` Added a hook for `DoorLock.LockDoor` Only call `UnlockDoorServerRpc` as that will eventually unlock it client-side

README.md, after:

# DoorBreach

## Overview

DoorBreach is a mod for Lethal Company that allows players to hit a locked door many times with a shovel to open it.
This mod aims to solve those pesky situations in which you enter encounter a locked door but can not find a darn key anywhere.
By default, a door will take 10 to 20 hits before unlocking and opening (configurable).

Does not add any new items/models/sounds/etc. Simply changes how doors behave when collided by a shovel swing.

## Compatibility
- Game Compatibility:
  - Compatible with version v45 of the game.
  - Not tested with version v47 of the game.
- Mod Compatibility:
  - Compatible with (some, but should be all) mods that allow locking of doors after round has started

## Installation

### Using r2modmanplus or Thunderstore Client

1. Install the DoorBreach mod.

### Using the Manual Download Method

1. Download the DoorBreach mod.
2. Extract the zip into your BepInEx directory.

## Dependencies

Please make sure you have the following dependencies installed (if using the manual download method):

- [BepInExPack (version 5.4.2100 or higher)](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/BepInEx/BepInExPack/)

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions, please visit our [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/Nyxchrono/LC.DoorBreach/issues) to report them.
Or you can join the [Lethal Company Modding Discord](https://discord.gg/lcmod) and leave a message on the [mod-release post](https://discord.com/channels/1168655651455639582/1191561415660670976)

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request. I will review your changes and merge them if they are satisfactory.
~~~~
## License

This mod is released under the CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Attribution

As long as you credit my name or link to my GitHub project, that's okay.
